---
title: Buyers guide
description: Page description.
---

## Buyers guide

### Secondary sales

Buyers can either look for a specific collection or browse the currently listed collections.

Once a collection has been found which the buyer wants to purchase. They can use the statistics of sales data and aggregated blockchain data to help make a decision about this collection and token. The price floor is also helpful in finding the cheapest token of a collection being listed.

The buyer decides they want to purchase this token for the listed price of 123 WZIL, which is the cheapest token available in this collection. Pressing the Buy button will open a modal containing more details about the transaction assuming the buyer is already logged in.

The buyer approves two transactions. The first gives the marketplace the permission to move a certain amount of tokens away from your wallet used to pay the seller. The second calls the marketplace to do the trade on your behalf.

Once the buy button has been pressed the buyer waits for the response to return in the browser. When the transaction completes a modal will show either a success or error message.

When the buyer returns to their profile page they will see the updated statistics for their account for the sale they made. The NFT you purchased will be in the 'Held NFTs' section.

### Primary sales

Buyers can browse all of the current launchpad projects that are currently listing. Buyers can batch mint one or several tokens in one sale transaction. 
