---
title: NFT Launchpad
description: How do I get listed on the launchpad?
---

## What is a  Launchpad?

Launchpads are the function of selling NFTs from an inital minting process, typically via an projects website.

Zilkroad can offer project owners the ability to sell tokens from the Zilkroad launchpad if they can configure a contract in the correct way.

## How do I get a launchpad listing?

* token_uri **must not** be used.
* base_uri **must** be set.
* base_uri/token_id **must** resolve to valid ZRC-7 metadata.
* base_uri/metadata.json **should** resolve to valid project level metadata including an image.

If you can demonstrate the following contract on **testnet**. Please contact hello@zilkroad.io with the subject line \[Launchpad listing\]. Provide a **testnet** viewblock link to your contract with some tokens minted. Please also provide the below infomation.

* How many tokens do you want to sell?
* What ZIL price would you like to sell each NFT at?
* What is your fixed supply?
* Are you planning on minting tokens outside of Zilkroad?

There is a **setup fee** of 200 USD if your application is successful.

There is a **royalty charge** of 20% of overall sales.

## How does the launchpad process work?

If your application is successful, Zilkroad will deploy a sales proxy on your behalf. The proceeds of which will go into an escrow which can distribute funds between the launchpad project wallet and Zilkroad in a trustless decentralised way.

Either the launchpad project wallet or Zilkroad may call to split the funds and the proxy will be split 80% to the project and 20% to Zilkroad. You will be given your proxy address on it's creation.

You will also need to configure your NFT contract to include the proxy as a Minter so that it is allowed to Mint tokens for users which are purchasing at your specified price.

We will create advertising and marketing material around your launch.
