---
title: Sellers guide
description: How do I sell a token using Zilkroad
---

## Sellers guide

### Secondary sales

Sellers can sell ZRC-6 NFTs they have previously bought, traded, airdropped or deployed and minted to themselves on secondary markets for free!

Sellers can sign in to their profile to see what NFTs are currently in their wallet. Once an NFT has been identified which the seller wants to sell, they can press the ellipses to open the menu for that particular token which contains the option to sell.

Once selected, a modal will appear containing information for the seller to fill related to the sale including the token they wish to receive and how much. Extra information about the estimated royalty breakdown is shown including how much the seller will receive after royalty.

The seller submits two transactions. The first gives the marketplace the permission to move the NFT to escrow storage. The second places your sell order on-chain and moves the NFT to escrow.

Once the list button has been pressed the seller waits for the response to return in the browser. When the transaction completes a modal will show either a success or error message.

When the seller returns to their profile page they will see the NFT will be in the 'Listed NFTs' section.

The seller can return to their Zilkroad profile another time to check on the status of their current order. If the item isn't sold it will remain in the 'Listed NFTs' section, however if it is missing then a row in 'Account activity' should be shown detailing the sale.

### Primary sales

Sellers who wish to use primary sales as a method of initial mint offering should read the [Primary Sales / Launchpad](../[...2]features/[...5]primary-sales-launchpad.md) page.
